Why are you crazy? You are the crazy person, right?
Su Ran, don't think I don't know what you're thinking
I'll tell you again.
Gu Xiuyan is dead
He is Ji Yanting
He's mine.
How dare you stay in a hotel?
Yontei Miyano, you heard it all
You listen to me don't explain to me I tell you
And then turn a deaf ear to my warning.
I told you to get out of the Shengfeng Group
Hello baby take plan display
Nice dance
You are not feeling well
You go back to rest first
I'll go back at noon to see if you're okay. Um, bye.
Go!
Su Ran, your first day at work today
The lunch break can be extended by one hour.
Just go back to the office at 2pm, really?
Well, thank you, sir.
Then I'll work first. Hmm.
Mr. Ji, this is the afternoon meeting
I have sorted out the information.
Please take a look. Isn't this Su Soft's job?
As soon as he receives a call from his boyfriend
This is the siesta.
I haven't come back home yet.
Yes, Mr. Ji, this pedestrian is not reliable at all
On the first day of work, I obviously have a boyfriend
I'm still asking other colleagues about your situation everywhere
Ask me what's going on.
Just a few of your personal details
What's your family background, what's your income?
Assets in the name or something
Why is he so strange?
He is here to work.
It's not enough to perfunctory men
You go out to work first
Which face of Susan is the real you?